# CS-305-Software-Security

rfoultzsnhu
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?

Artemis Financial is a financial institute that intends to provide their customers with a secure web application that would allow their customers to interact with them in a remote setting. 

What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?

I believe I did a good job determining what software security vulnerabilities Artemis Financial may face. It was important to code securely since this company has a requirement to provide their customers with secure data since they are located in the United States. Otherwise, this could create legal issues later. 

What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
Determining the vulnerabilties in an assessment was difficult. As well as creating the hash function and API. I will have to continue working on this aspect of software security to ensure that I truly know how to implement it.

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?

To increse layers of security, I created a Certificate Authority, added an API, and added cryptography. In the future, I will continue to use the vulnerability assessment process flow diagram. It lays out what next steps need to be implemented if there is a security vulnerability. 

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?

I was sadly unable to verify functionality. I was on the other hand able to suppress some vulnerabilites for the time being and I was able to ensure the creation of the Certificate Authority. The check for new vulnerabilies, I continued to use the dependency check that was generated by running the pom.xml file.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?

Creating a Certificate Authority, assessing the vulnerablity assessment, and examining the vulnerabilty dependency checks are all helpful resources and tools ath I continue to implement fo future assignment and tasks.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
